
========
Tips & Tricks
========

Keywords Shortcuts
--------

Search Tokens
--------

Dyrii is equipped with a powerful search capability. The search function scans the local data available on the device as well as the data available on the cloud. The toggles for this local/cloud option resides under the search bar.

iOS




You can enter either plain text on the search box or special search keywords such as name of country, city, year, month, type, etc. to find the specific type of entry. These keywords should be prefixed by '@' symbol. For example @photo will find all photos from your journal, @2017 will find all posts from the year 2017, @january will find all posts from January.



Search Keyword Patterns
Here are some of the search keyword patterns:

- @pin
- @image
- @photo
- @health
- @place
- @doodle
- @audio
- @video
- @January, @Jan, @Feb, etc.
- @[City Name]
- @[Country Code]
- @[State Code]
- @am
- @pm

Mac
On the mac, the search is located on the top of the sidebar. You can use all the above keyword patterns here as well.


Data Statistics
--------

Dyrii is equipped with a powerful search capability. The search function scans the local data available on the device as well as the data available on the cloud. The toggles for this local/cloud option resides under the search bar.

iOS


App URL Schemes
--------
Dyrii supports following URL Schemes for interfacing with externals apps. 

Open Dyrii with New Post Window: dyrIi://pos
Pin Location in Dyrii: dyrIi://pin
 

While, this functionality is limited right now, we plan to enhance this in a future release. If you have questions or feature request around this functionality, please leave comments.

Enabling Day Trails
--------

Dyrii is equipped with a powerful search capability. The search function scans the local data available on the device as well as the data available on the cloud. The toggles for this local/cloud option resides under the search bar.

iOS


Prints & PDFs
--------

Dyrii is equipped with a powerful search capability. The search function scans the local data available on the device as well as the data available on the cloud. The toggles for this local/cloud option resides under the search bar.

iOS

